Update HTTP-authentication for AWS use case to use jslib-aws (#1149)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/05 Examples/01 Examples/02 http-authentication.md

</CodeGroup>

## AWS Signature v4 authentication with the [k6-jslib-aws](https://github.com/grafana/k6-jslib-aws)

> To authenticate requests to AWS APIs using [AWS Signature Version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html), k6 offers the [k6-jslib-aws](https://github.com/grafana/k6-jslib-aws) javascript library which provides a dedicated `SignatureV4` class. This class allows to produce authenticated requests that can be sent to AWS APIs using the `http` k6 module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate requests to AWS APIs using [AWS Signature Version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html), k6 offers the [k6-jslib-aws](https://github.com/grafana/k6-jslib-aws) JavaScript library, which provides a dedicated `SignatureV4` class. This class can produce authenticated requests to send to AWS APIs using the `http` k6 module.
```

Reviewer: In conventional style, "which" is set off by a comma and that isn't. For a deeper dive into the reasons why, you can look at restrictive vs unrestrictive clauses:

https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/general_writing/grammar/that_vs_which.html

Author: TIL, thanks a lot for the learning 🙇🏻
